(normal voice)
(Starts after Chandler.)
(Burst into song and dances out of the door.)
(to Ross)
(To Rachel)
(Joey checks that Ross is not looking and dumps it in a plant.)
(as Rachel is cutting up her cards)
(They kiss) Thank you. (Exits)
(horrified)
(She is pushed down the stairs and everyone cheers.)
(She finishes cutting them up and they all cheer.)
(Rachel enters in a wet wedding dress and starts to search the room.)
(entering from Monica's room)
(singing) Love is sweet as summer showers, love is a wondrous work of art, but your love oh your love, your love...is like a giant pigeon...crapping on my heart.  La-la-la-la-la- (some guy gives her some change and to that guy) Thank you. (sings)
(looks to Chandler)
(walks up with a pot of coffee)
(Chandler doesn't know.)
(sitting on the arm of the couch)
(They go to hug but Ross's umbrella opens.  He sits back down defeated again.  A moment of silence follows as Rachel sits and the others expect her to explain.)
(He extends his hand hopefully.)
(Rachel sits down to hear Chandler's dream.)
(Monica goes to change.)
(imitating the characters)
(sings) Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens, (Rachel and Monica turn to look at her.)
(grins and walks to the kitchen and says to Chandler and Joey.)
(in a deep voice)
(The Pilot-The Uncut Version)
(squatting and reading the instructions)
(yelling from the bedroom)
(sings)
(thinks)
(Walks to the door and opens it to leave.)
(explaining to the others)
(picking up a leftover part)
(over the intercom)
(She stops talking and dials the phone.) Hi, machine cut me off again... anyway...look, look, I know that some girl is going to be incredibly lucky to become Mrs. Barry Finkel, but it isn't me, it's not me.  And not that I have any idea who me is right now, but you just have to give me a chance too... (The maching cuts her off again and she redials.)
(Monica and Paul walk to the door and talk in a low voice so the others can't hear.  The others move Monica's table closer to the door so that they can.)
(Monica smiles.)
(bursts out laughing again)
(clutching a beer can and sniffing)
(comforting her)
(to Phoebe)
(Monica exits.)
(pointing at Rachel) De-caff. (to All) Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. (to Rachel)
(choked voice)
(Thinks)
(To Ross)
(Rachel goes into her room and Monica enters the living room as Ross is leaving.)
(To another customer that's leaving.) Excuse me, could you give this to that guy over there? (Hands him the coffee pot.) Go ahead. (He does so.) Thank you. (To the gang.)
(laughing)
(The scene on TV has changed to show two women, one is holding her hair.)
(scornful)
(pause)
(She starts massaging them.)
(Pause)
(Shows Paul in)
(He gazes out of the window.)
(Joey and Chandler taste the coffee, grimace, and pour it into a plant pot.)
(entering, to herself)
(They are all lined up next to the door.)
(to the waitress that brought her coffee)Sweet 'n' Lo?- I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, I always knew looked familiar, but... Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering 'Why am I doing this, and who am I doing this for?'. (to Monica)
(Joey and Chandler are finishing assembling the bookcase.)
(She starts to pluck at the air just in front of Ross.)
(The door buzzer sounds and Chandler gets it.)
(There's a knock on the door and it's Paul.)
(Chandler hits what he is working on with a hammer and it collapses.)
(Monica pushes him off of the sofa as Rachel enters with a shopping bag.)
(spitting out her drink in shock)
(Ross gestures his consent.)
(They both reach for the last cookie)
(Monica stomps on Paul's watch and goes into her room.)
(Ross exits and Monica has no idea what that means.)
(deadpan)
(They all stare at him.)
(Monica takes a sip of her drink.)
(Note: The previously unseen parts of this episode are shown in blue text.)
(Chandler slowly tries to hide the now dead plant from that morning when he and Joey poured their coffee into it.)
(They split it.)
(on phone)
(They do so.)
(She cuts one of them and they cheer.)
(mortified)
(They all stare, bemused.)
(Exits.)
